Added dynamic_selection, maxloc_reductions and pSTL offload samples (#2191)
uxlfoundation/oneDPL: examples/dynamic_selection/sepia-filter-ds/README.md

   $ cd build
   $ cmake ..
   $ make
   ```
If an error occurs, you can get more details by running `make` with the `VERBOSE=1` argument:
```
make VERBOSE=1
```

## Run the Sample
1. Run the program.

   Usage: ./1_sepia_sycl <num_images> <image_mix>
   ```
   $ ./1_sepia_sycl 1000 2
   ```
   This runs 1000 iterations of the base SYCL implementation applying the sepia filter to the larger of the supplied images using the default device for the platform.

   Image Mix:

   | Arg | Description
   |:--- |:---
   | 1   | Small images only
   | 2   | Large images only
   | 3   | 2 small : 2 large
   | 4   | 2 small : 1 large
   | 5   | 1 small : 2 large

2. Run the program using Dynamic Device Policies.

   The application requires arguments to determine the number of images (iterations), image size, and finally the Dynamic Device Policy to use. Note that for this sample application, a single image is provided in different sizes and is processed multiple times. Varying the image mix helps to mimic different workloads on your available hardware.

   Usage: ./2_sepia_policies <num_images> <image_mix> <policy>  

   For example:
   ```
   ./2_sepia_policies 1000 2 4
   ```

>    The above runs a 1000 iterations of applying the sepia filter to the larger of the supplied images targetting the device with the most availalbe resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The above runs a 1000 iterations of applying the sepia filter to the larger of the supplied images targeting the device with the most available resources:
```
